From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the NerdMelt Theater, Harmontown is now in
session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Such kind people.
You're such warm hearted, supportive people.
You put a lot of faith in me.
I don't want to let you down.
But it won't be a good show tonight.
It's not going to be a good show.
Why is that?
I'm busy.
And I'm tired.
And I'm not very talented.
And I don't make plans.
And then I come up on stage and it's like, what am I going to talk about?
I don't know what I'm going to talk about.
In case why, Dan, I disagree with you about tonight's show.
I think it's going to be a good one.
Because tonight you're drinking out of glass as opposed to a red solo cup.
And I think that automatically steps up the class factor.
I think I wrote one thing in my notepad.
See, I knew it.
Let's see.
Oh, there is a surprise later tonight.
I'm going to take this dick out.
By the way, Dan, while you're looking that up,
people that play music and like music,
because we can't play licensed music anymore,
I have to play stuff that people either donate to us or that is free
so that we don't get in trouble now that we're charging people.
So if you want to or you know somebody that plays music
and wants to play something kick-ass to start off the show,
go to Harmontownmusic.tumblr.com
and all the info will be there to have a song that we can play to start off the show
and play throughout the show.
So if you know somebody, please give it.
Because that song is by a band called Knife to Meet You.
Oh.
Knife.
Real Knife.
Yeah, that's Harold Knife and his girlfriend Cindy Meats.
See?
Cindy Meats?
You thought I was being self-deprecating.
I'm just a journalist.
Why are you so tired, Harmon?
I'm working.
I'm going to go back to the office after this.
I'm locking episode 604.
Take us to the last 48 hours of your life.
What have you done?
Well, I went to Yahoo in San Jose over the weekend.
They had us come out.
I think it was Friday.
We went and flew to San Jose and then drove to this weird spaceship
in the middle of the desert where these thousands and thousands of Yahoo people
like work and it's crazy over there.
And they had, you know, it was just like a sort of like a drop into there.
They have like a fireside chat every Friday where the CEO, Marissa Meyer,
like conducts this like whole thing and you can Reddit style.
You can like type in, I think, anonymous questions and they get upvoted or downvoted.
It's sort of like a closed circuit Reddit for AMA that she does every week.
So if you have like a beef with your paycheck or something,
you can like, like, what the fuck's with my paycheck?
And if everyone's like, yeah, what the fuck's up with the paycheck?
And she'll be like, what the fuck's up with the paycheck?
Okay, so here's the thing.
You don't get one, but listen, I don't know.
You get a free email address.
Look under your seat.
And so it's like that.
So they have like guests that are like people that work at different departments
come up and do this thing and it's all like a big kind of pump you up Yahoo thing.
And they have purple beer.
I'm boring myself.
The purple beer is really good.
I have nothing bad to say about Yahoo.
Is it purple for a reason or is it just dyed purple because it's called...
Well, it's made with blueberries or something.
So I think there's some purple that's justified,
but I think overall probably they just put cancerous dye in it, right?
I mean, I don't think anything that's supposed to be a color is ever that color.
Is Yahoo your employer of putting cancer in their beer?
Yes.
I'm just saying like when things are orange because you feel like they should be orange,
they're not usually orange.
Like cheddar cheese or something.
Yeah, like, you know, we rarely, you know, see things the way...
Somebody told me that air conditioning, in the air conditioning industry,
like there's a worldwide conspiracy to make the 69 degrees in your car
either warmer or colder than real 69 degrees
because human beings have a certain temperature that they think is 69 degrees
and it doesn't match what's real 69 degrees.
Somebody told me that when we were doing the AC repair things in community.
Anyways, our movie was just broke on Netflix,
and you can tell because, yes, please, Netflix is here.
I mean, is that why you're drinking out of a glass?
Well, you can tell from the volume of tweets of people saying,
I just watched the Harmontown documentary kind of really shot up.
I don't think Netflix is, I think they've got a real sizable lemonade stand going over there.
I think they might be flixing some nets.
I think they might have some viewership that Netflix.
Is Sydney Meats there?
Sydney Meats.
Alright, so are you almost through the woods with a community?
Are you almost through with the writing?
Why don't you play the family song?
Family song?
I'll get my own.
From the day I went to you, I knew it was true
And I saw your eyes and you knew what you saw was true
Family, you are what we need
Put your bomb in the body, in the body, in the shoe
Fuck you, mama
Family, put your bomb in the bucket, in the bucket, in the shoe
Family, family is where you are
Put your bomb in the bucket, in the body, in the shoe
Oh, wait, wait, wait
Was MC John about to come out?
Seemed like it, seemed like it.
You gotta start over though.
But here's the thing with that song though, it starts right on the nugget
And then I start a measure in, I don't know, do you call it a measure?
A bar, yeah.
You can tell from the music that I'm a bar off, you know what I mean?
Because I'm like doing my set up.
It goes like one, two, three, four, it starts right on the one.
So that's a toughie.
Whoever wrote that song, you failed.
Let it go four or eight bars before you jump in.
Really?
So go like, yeah, just hype it up for a bit.
Okay, so it's like, so you start it.
Okay, let's try it out.
Okay.
Yeah, alright, here we go.
Ready?
Check it out.
Oh, so I start there?
Okay, try it.
I thought four would be like four or two more.
You could do four or eight.
So as long as it's two, as a factor of two, I'm okay.
I mean, you want to start at the end of a measure, right?
Okay, because it just seems, okay, let's try it.
Let me try it.
Okay, you ready?
Okay, here we go.
Eight, one, two, three, four, five, six.
When the morning sun comes up, I go to school.
See?
No, see?
You hear that?
No, did you hear it?
Did you hear it?
Like, it didn't like a little resolvey thing.
No, no, no, you were right in it.
You were right in it.
No, but it was, I said, go to school.
And it was like, like it was like, you're done.
Like, you're done with that thought.
Okay, then let it go, let it turn it all the way around there.
It's four?
Okay, let's hear it.
For four?
Okay.
Okay, yeah, you can fill that time with some music.
When I go to school, I like to learn.
But think about the things you should not burn.
Okay, let's do it again.
How about this?
When it starts, just start.
Let's try that, but I'm not always going to be able to do that.
Even if it's just see if that works.
Even if it's bullshit.
Like, you're like, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
All right, I'll just jump in.
I'm never going to, you know, okay.
Okay, so go ahead, try it.
The question, do you want a topic?
No, this is about joy.
This song makes me happy.
I just sing from my heart.
Kevin MacLeod, if you're out there, come to Harmontown and visit the show
because he's really become a celebrity.
I think we all agree that this is the greatest song of all time.
So now, the thing is, as soon as this kicks in, just dive in.
I can even try to count you in.
A one, two, a three, a four.
With the summer, spring, and seasons of fall, I can go a whole year without lovin' it all.
Spiders inside of me, leprechauns on the right of me, scary things all around, running through the cemetery.
Oh boy, it's very scary. I've got to get to ground round.
It's a restaurant in the Midwest.
Family, you pay what you weigh.
Ground round.
Pay what you weigh.
It's a mean thing to do to affect you today.
Commentary on the ground round threw me off meter.
I have big fat John.
I'm MC John's brother.
I'm anxious about my weight, and I'm not as good a rapper.
Thank you.
When you go down to the house, you bring a key.
Beep, beep, toot, toot.
Bring a key to your house and you get your loot.
I want to go inside for you.
Beep, beep, beep, toot, toot, toot.
Family, you are all of me.
Beep, beep, toot, toot.
Bring a key to your house and you get your loot.
What is our show?
What are we doing?
Okay, you're right.
If you were a new viewer, you would be upset.
One thing for certain, that was certainly about joy.
I have some questions about big fat John, MC John's brother.
Why are they both named John?
I think that his parents were like...
Are they full siblings or stepbrothers?
I think that Big Fat John, I think they're full on genetic siblings,
but their parents are just so mean.
Big Fat John got born and they're like, let's try again.
Oh, so MC John's the younger brother?
Yeah, and Big Fat John is like first and then they were just like laid him aside
and they said, you're going to watch us do this right.
Wait.
The parents made...
How old was MC John when they made him watch the parents have sex again?
Five.
So he's five years old.
The parents say, watch us fuck.
We're going to build a new John.
A good one, an MC.
They didn't know he was going to be fat.
No, Big Fat John's watching.
They're building MC John.
Did they hope that he would be an MC or is that just an accident?
Yeah, I think they wanted to make an MC.
Or a lawn keeper.
You can make that change.
They wanted him to be a...
Maybe it's a family of gardeners.
So then the irony is that Big Fat John was like, you're too fat to garden.
We're going to make a great John.
Then they made a John that was a good MC,
but who is like, he toes the family line.
Like he's like, I like to mow the lawn, but really he's an MC.
I don't know.
Is that too complicated?
Is Big Fat John at heart a better gardener than MC John?
Maybe our heart goes out to Big Fat John.
He's the dinklage of this Game of Thrones.
We all know what it feels like to be a misfit and not loved.
I mean, I admire his courage to even step into the rapping milieu.
Well, I think he was thrust into it.
I think that was actually a really awkward situation.
Someone mistook him for his brother and shoved him in and he was like,
I'm Big Fat John, I don't rap.
I think that was sad.
Is he much fatter?
Is he so fat?
No, he's a regular size.
It's just a horrible world with a bad body image.
Like a regular sized person with a normal metabolism.
He just has grown up in a world of Cindy Crawford billboards dating myself.
Whoever your Cindy Crawford is, hologram Crawford.
This new generation.
Cindy Meat.
It's probably a porpoise, fucking weirdos.
Have you got a new porn fetish?
It used to be like...
Yeah, I got married and then I was just like,
I'm going to scratch some new itches.
I don't mean like, is it still stockings and nipples, rubbings and things like that?
Mannequins and nipple rubbings.
First of all, everyone likes their nipples rubbed.
I don't like my nipples rubbed.
Rub them right.
Why don't you come over and rub my nipples?
I don't want to rub your nipples.
One time I was wearing some socks that were like sheer.
And I showed you them and you touched them and you were like,
Whoa!
Because you were like, what am I doing?
This is my thing.
I like to rub stockings.
Oh, you were wearing socks that were like kind of nylon-y.
And you were like, whoa, what the hell?
Yeah, that's a tricky one.
I get mad when people wear things and I'm like,
oh, that's my fetish, but you're not my wife.
And also, you work in a bank.
So what's the look?
What's the what?
What's the look? What's the outfit?
I don't know.
It could be anything.
What do you mean? What's the look?
You said that you see somebody wearing something.
No, I'm saying I see a little bit of leg with any kind of nylon on it.
I'm not saying like I see a outfit.
I'm saying like the fetish is for...
It's simply legs and nylons.
Yeah.
I feel like we've been over it and I feel like we're not making,
you know, we're not making progress,
but we're talking about this.
I feel like we're near a break through right now.
No.
It's just a thing.
Everybody's got buttons, right?
You guys have buttons, little sexual buttons.
You know who I envy?
These people who get turned down by bare legs, high heels, big tits,
and like a can of beer.
Because it's clearly their planet.
You're like driving down the street and it's like,
hey, big bank theory is on five nights a week
and it's like some ironic thing of like a woman going,
ooh, big bank theory and there's a can of beer between her tits.
I don't know why I'm throwing big bank theory under the bus.
I just mean like any product that would be like,
like where the joke is that it's supposed to be sexual,
but like I look at it and I go, well, that's not sexual.
That's like a parody of sexuality,
but there are some people in the world who are like,
funny joke, plus I'm jerking off.
Because I also, you know, there's a lot of stuff that I'm like,
like I'm sure people, like I've said on the podcast,
like there's people would,
if they were walking past it on the street,
they'd be like, that's nothing.
That's a fire hydrant.
And I'd be like, that's my jam.
I was telling you backstage that I was at a party last night
that was very pansexual.
It was kind of all over the shop and there was a,
there's people that were trans and also like,
I don't know the words.
I will get them all wrong.
I don't know all the names for things that people are
or don't want to be called or whatever.
But a friend of mine who is gay,
but he is a man, but he's into other men,
but he wants, he likes to date straight men
because he wants men.
Those are colored people.
You said you don't know the phrases.
That's colored people.
Colored people?
Did they change that?
Are you my grandma?
My grandma, look at the one,
she was the nicest lady in the world,
but she looked at the one that was colored people.
My grandparents too, but they were taught,
that was their African-American.
And we've kind of, we, you know, we always do that.
Like we, in the 90s,
like the African-American thing was trotted out.
It was never, it was never retracted,
but like I think there might be a,
I don't even, for all I know it's now,
I haven't even checked in on this, and how would you?
Remember when Kramer was apologizing
for his little meltdown on Letterman,
and he called black people Afro-Americans?
Like, and it was like this really weird striking thing.
I mean like what, well colored people was introduced,
it was supposed to be like, you know,
it was like a, it was supposed to be a healthy thing.
The National Association for whatever the blah blah blah
colored people has colored people right in their name.
Advancement, advancement, I know what it is.
I mean, it's like, it was a fine thing.
And then we're like, oh, grandma,
but she's like saying it, she's trying to do it right.
She's like, oh, there's a color gentleman.
Like, I remember, yeah, it's funny,
our grandma's generation.
So my friend says, he goes like,
I want men to treat me like a lady.
But he's not a woman, he's a guy,
but he wants, he likes straight men.
I'm like, wait, so what?
Your last boyfriend was a straight guy?
He goes, yeah.
He goes, my last boyfriend was straight.
And I go, did you guys fuck?
He goes, yeah, all the time.
And I was like, wait, how does that work?
And he goes, he goes, ain't no fag
going to fuck me like that.
I'm like, that's fucking fascinating.
And so he prefers straight dick to gay dick,
but it seems like it's pretty gay dick too.
Fucking god.
A lot of us say, as with the,
I think that's the Heisenberg principle.
If you can observe a straight dick in a gay
butt or mouth, the moment you have
observed it as straight, it becomes gay.
But that's straight talk.
That's heteronormative psychology.
He should know better.
He's the expert when he's being fucked
by a straight guy and when he's being
fucked by a gay guy.
The customer's always right, man.
It's up to him what he wants to call
his customers, yeah.
But I mean, that's the thing like,
what was I going to say?
Probably something inflammatory and dated
and clumsy.
Were you still talking about color people?
No, no, I wasn't going to talk about
color people.
Color people, they're on their own.
The world's become too complicated.
Color people, you're on your own.
The, what was it about sexuality?
I'm trying to remember.
I was thinking of something when
you were talking about that.
I just like the fact that, you know,
as we grew up, I think we've talked
about this a bit.
And of course, very poorly educated
conversations about it is that,
we grew up, like it was this, that,
or the other.
There was only kind of three or four
crayolas in that box.
Now there's a bunch, which is great.
But I just don't know, like I don't
really have the vocabulary for it.
Also, there was this switch, which I
totally understand, but it was a
definite switch from our generation
to this new generation, which is that
now you're supposed to, you're supposed
to ask a little bit, which in our day
because there was only so many things
and being different just got you beat
up.
And I kind of tried to broach this
with, when Curtis was here, we were
talking about Revenge of the Nerds,
which he totally, you know, like,
you watch that movie, and it's like,
yeah, politically correct, through
the politically correct lens, there's
a, that movie now commits more crimes
than it ever solved.
But, but, but the, but the interesting
thing about when you watch that movie
is that you can, if you want to
understand like the Gen X, like,
concept of political correctness and
progress, all we, all we ever understood
was going from bullying, going from
bigotry to dropping that.
And so when you watch like these 80s
movies where like underdogs are the
new heroes, what you're seeing is a
lot of, for lack of a better word,
ignorance, like, like ignoring what
makes people different.
So like, you see like, just unlikely
families and one of them's gay and one
of them, but they don't make gay jokes.
They don't beat him up for being gay,
so he's one of the family.
And then this guy smokes pot and they
don't, they don't, they smoke pot with
him and it's just like, it's, they're
all put in this big pot.
And that's the Gen X version of
progress, is that we stop, we stop
hurting each other.
And, and so if you, and that's when I
ran into trouble, you know, recently
or a couple, couple months ago, six
months ago now, it was when my friend
Jane was up, who's, who's, who's
Earthshined, you said you brought to
that party and it was a big hit.
Jane should know that.
I have to, Jane's not here, I don't
imagine, but I have to get, Jane, if
you're listening, I have to get in
touch with you because I brought
your, your absence to a party and it
was everybody's favorite thing and
I'm being tweeted about it a lot because
everybody got stoned to the tits on
the fucking absence.
It was very good.
I was drunk and I used the wrong
pronoun a thousand times with her
because I, he's present, she was
presenting very male and I was just,
I was just drunk and whatever.
But, and then someone complained on
Twitter and then I did not ingratiate
myself to the community with my
response, which was like, if that's
what you took away from their podcast,
you are too sensitive or whatever,
they're like, ah!
But, but, but the interesting take
away that I took from, from all of
that was like, you know, there's,
if you use that as a yardstick, like
way out there, this like crazy new
world, the word crazy offensive now,
but, but in reference to some of the
stuff, but, but, but like, you're
actually supposed to now explore and
ask, which was like, kind of like,
goes back to like, 60's and 70's
kind of, like when we were at a high
of our like, Norman Lear kind of
driven like, let's end racism, but
then like, the 80's, 90's and things
kind of ushered in this world of like,
you know what, put your hands in your
pockets, look at the ground, and as
long as you're not hurting anybody,
you're, you're, you're actually like
for progress, and it's like, the way
I put it was like, when I was a kid on
the playground, anybody that like,
asked you if you're a boy or a girl,
or what you preferred to be, that was
called a bully, it was like, I was
asked that a lot, I was asked if I was
straight or gay, I was asked if I was
a boy or a girl, I was asked why I don't
shower, I was asked, I was asked all
kinds of questions, and they were not,
they were not fun questions to be asked
and I was, I was not happy to be asked
them, and the answers were not going to
make anyone happy, and there were, no one
was seeking any actual answers, and so
there's a kind of a psychology there
where you go, I, I'm going to be a hip
modern person when I grow up, and I'm
going to like, I'm not going to, I'm
going to go with the flow, and then now
we're entering this new world, we're going
with the flow all of a sudden, now we're
the, we can end up being the, the tide
of, of bigotry, but I'm going with the flow.
Ha, fart corner, when you want the fart corner to start on the second bar,
what's his name, Richard Jenkins, who made that
song? Academy Award winner, Kevin McLeod.
Kevin McLeod, there can be only two,
make another version of that song with
a little bar, a little, give me a little
ramp, Kevin, and if your head comes away from
your neck, it's over, where's the camera?
Where's the camera when that red light
goes off, and then there's no red light
anywhere? It goes to another camera behind you.
Oh, there's a camera behind us? No, if you're
looking there, the red light will go on
somewhere else, see it's an ounce over there.
Now it's up there.
Now it's going to be over there.
Holy ground, Highlander.
All right.
Oh, oh, oh, McLeod's, the Highlander's name.
Yeah, McLeod is Highlander's name.
Thanks for backing me up, guys.
All right, so, yeah, Netflix seems popular.
That was my, one thing I wrote on my notepad.
We sang some songs. We talked about race
and sexual preference again.
We finally solved it, I think.
I think we did.
It was International Women's Day today?
Was that today?
Yeah, and as someone wrote, the only day in the year
that has 23 hours in it.
Seems kind of fucked up.
I tweeted a bit like that that I thought
deserved more response, because I combined
it with that blackout day that just happened,
which I don't even know or understand,
but I also looked enough to see that I'm not,
that me trying to understand it is like not the point.
And so I tweeted this morning, Jeff, you'll like this.
International Women's Day, right after blackout day?
Wait, no, what are they?
I grant your blackout day on International Women's Day,
and I remind you that white men control the length of days.
I don't remember what I tweeted.
Dan, can I go back a little bit?
Because I wrote a note down while you were doing
your earlier rap of the family song.
Did I hear you correctly?
Did you say spiders and sodomy?
No, but I wish I had.
What was it?
Spiders and sodomy, or spiders to the right of me?
Oh, spiders to the right of me, yeah.
I thought for sure you said spiders and sodomy.
Spiders to the left of me, leprechauns to the right,
I think, or something like that.
God damn it, I wish that song began in a way
that let me really lean into it.
I think that you can really start,
you can declare the one for yourself,
wherever you like it.
Distracts me, this song is like resolving things,
and then I'm on a different path.
Should we try a new song?
I don't think it was good, though.
What about the...
Yeah, so you don't seem very happy about that.
I'm going to play a couple others just to remind you
how much you like the disco song by Kevin Macleod.
See if anything, it's like holding the...
It's like eating liver.
Yeah, yeah.
Winter, summer, spring, fall,
front your mama till she was three feet tall,
a banger on the head with my dick,
like my dick was a hammer and she got sick.
Now she's in the bathroom and she's throwing up,
so I feel bad and I bought her a puppy.
Took it to the vet, they said,
you can't get it neutered yet,
you gotta take it home and put it in a crate
and let it outside when it pees,
that's great, so it knows to pee outside.
I fucked your mama so hard, she's now three feet wide.
She's three feet tall, three feet wide,
your mama's a spear.
I can't keep her inside, I gotta put her on the lawn
and play with her.
Your mama's Raymond Burr.
She's an actor from the 80s.
I fucked all the ladies, like 80s icons,
you will see a glass of my pee.
Well, oh wait, is that a new character?
The lazy rapper?
Oh, a glass of my pee,
I don't know, put some pee in some poo
and fucked your mama like she was a shoe.
Snoop Dogg kinda phones it in,
so why don't I fuck your mama in a bin?
A mama bin.
I went to the store where they sell them in,
I bought two mama bins and took your mama home
and I fucked it with my friend and my cousin Jerome.
The same person.
I'm very close with my family.
I'm a lazy, lazy rapper.
I fucked your mama in the crapper.
I fucked your mama like my name was...
Uh...
This is a lazy rapper.
I think I'm lazy, this guy.
He just made up...
Six measures, wait, I'm trying to think of...
So lazy.
This better pay off.
I can't rhyme crapper with crapper.
Where's that guy going?
I'm not working the crowd,
I'm just fucking here.
I'm not working the crowd, I'm just fucking here mama
because the bitch is too loud.
That's my cure for snoring.
Fuck your mama so hot you can't be ignoring.
I'm a lazy rapper and I'm putting no effort in.
Fuck your mama in a bin.
Alright.
He's a lazy, lazy rapper.
Thanks guys, thanks.
I feel like the only difference between lazy rapper
and your normal rapping is that it's just less loud.
Yeah, yeah, no, it's a style choice.
It's the same quality of rap.
They all have different styles, like Fitty said...
And then Snoop Dogg.
I need to hear you do some 50 cents for us.
Well it's gotta be kind of a...
Okay, give me some Fitty.
Well, okay, I'll try, but...
A 50 cent that I'm here to say
I cost 50 cents all the year every day
And I fucked your mama here and there
But he's faster, I mean, what am I doing?
But I'm just saying he has a cadence, he has a style
and then Snoop Dogg's like, don't...
And then he...
Because I'm a Snoop Dogg and I went to school
and I put my mama through and I got a...
Yow, yow, baby bo, baby do, gotta
put your mama in a boot and a shoe
I'm a Snoop Dogg, a Snoop Dogg rapper
50 cents is no rapper
I'm a Snoop Dogg and I'm now Snoop Dogg
Ghostface killer!
No, I'm kidding.
I don't know.
You have a gift.
I'm the rich little of 90s rappers
but except for 50 cents who probably shoot me for saying that
What is it, his name is 50 cents
because they pulled 50 cents worth of metal out of him
when he got shot, was that the idea?
That's why he got the name 50 cent.
Don't ask our crowd.
I thought that was it.
I remember looking that up.
He got shot and survived and they pulled enough metal out of him
to make 50 cents, something like that.
I don't think I'm getting it right, but it's close to that.
Black people don't have it easy
and cops are bad.
Alright, moving on.
But there are some cool cops.
We've already talked about that.
Obviously there's some cool everything.
If all cops were evil, we would have figured it out by now.
For instance, if we all of a sudden had the internet
all of a sudden you'd be seeing all these videos with the murdering people.
It would just start happening like that overnight.
It has.
But I think I've met cool cops.
Have you ever met a cop and hang out and just hung out?
Like an off-duty cop?
When I was in college, I was a journalism student
and I did an interview with a cop to tell you about this.
You had to write something about the police force.
I met a cop back in Whittier that I hated because he was an asshole.
He was the chief of police back in Whittier
and they had this program of harassing the homeless people.
I sat him down, we had lunch, I took him to a Mexican restaurant
and I'm 18 years old, 19 years old, and we sat down and had lunch.
He's like, look, I don't like you, you don't like me.
He gave me the kind of like, you can't handle the truth,
a few good men's speech, you need people like me on that wall.
By the end of the lunch, I actually liked him.
He was a human being at the end of that lunch
but I hate the way he operates.
He was a human being after it
but I still think that he was teaching his younger officers
to come and treat homeless people automatically with disrespect
and automatically as less than human.
Yeah.
It's like there's two kinds of people in this world,
there's the kinds of people that think there's two kinds of people in this world
and then there's the good people.
And that's sort of what we call right wing and left wing in America.
And there's this appealing thing about the idea that there's rules
and that there is no chaos and that there's never an exception
because that's how you do get shit done as you wake up in the morning
and decide that you deserve something or that something needs to get done
and all that stuff and if you did plunge yourself exclusively
into what we would call the general left kind of psyche,
would you get shit done or would you, I don't know,
are those the competing parts of our species,
this idea that on one hand, everything's crazy.
Oh, wow, fuck, you never know anything.
And then, I don't know, is it these brush cut guys that we loathe
and that make us do these rituals
and that they're constantly embarrassing themselves
and getting us all into trouble and serving as an example to us
is like, God, you can't think like that.
It's a vicious cycle because I got pulled over a couple weeks ago.
I just landed at LAX, was pulling out of this parking lot I always park at,
ran a stop sign, was right by the police station there
and it's like, I just kind of drifted through a stop sign
and I got pulled over but the guy came to my window.
I could see him through my side view mirror.
He was like a very young guy and I really feel like he was probably a very new rookie.
He came at me like I had just robbed the president's bank
and kicked his mom in the wallet.
He was like handling his gun and freaking out and it freaked me out
and it's like, I think that's the wrong way to approach anybody.
Why does it keep running out of here? Is he alright?
Is it the same guy?
Yeah, twice he's gone.
Well, we'll ask him when he gets back, I'm sure he'll enjoy that.
Is he an old-timey reporter? He has to keep going to a phone booth outside?
Stop the presses!
Harmon calls Yahoo! Ridiculous!
So this cop kept, it's like, you know, I want to get home, he's dropping his pen, he's super nervous.
Alright, what's going on?
Sir, what's your name?
Nate.
Are you okay? Is everything good?
Yeah, I'm really thirsty.
Because you just returned with an A&W...
Jesus, sorry.
Everything's falling to shit.
You just returned with a giant two-liter bottle of water?
Yeah.
Did you go fill it up in the bathroom or what?
The water thing, the boss is the sink.
The sink, yeah.
Can we talk to you for a second and you just hold the mic?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I like your shirt. Will you come and sit up here with the camera so I can see your shirt?
Because the guy's got his shirt so it's cooking for Jesus.
Alright, sit anywhere you like, there you go.
Bring a giant water bottle up there too, because you're a very thirsty fellow.
Are you so into hydration that this is a thing or is this like a...
That's how much water you're going to drink during our performance tonight?
Oh no, I just get nervous and stuff.
You get nervous?
Yeah.
And when you get nervous, you sprint off.
But you ran twice, so the first time was to pee and the second time was to fill up with more pre-pee?
Yeah.
Are you...
You don't feel attacked right now, right?
No.
You don't feel safe?
Okay, good.
I'm not making a joke when I say that.
You're not a freak, we just want to know what you're a journey for us.
Now this diet, A&W root beer bottle, has you drunk that root beer at some point today too?
Or is this your water bottle?
No, it's just my water bottle.
That's when you carry around?
Yeah.
At all times?
Well, I mean, I get a different one sometimes.
Are you on a...
Is it a kick that you're on right now, like a diet where you have to drink a lot of water?
No, I don't know.
Is this something you've always done?
No, I...
It's 80% of the earth, you're the good guy.
We should all drink more water.
I got sick, and then I got really paranoid that if I didn't drink water, I'd get a sore throat.
How much water do you think you drink a day?
80 to 100 liters a day?
No, not 100 liters.
What are they saying?
80 to 100 liters of water a day.
What's your name?
Nate.
How much water are you getting through a day, do you think?
Maybe like four of these?
I feel like you're asking the wrong questions.
Is it because he's not...
You're being invasive, aren't you?
You know that it's weird to drink this much water with this much urgency, and you're not just telling us what we need to know.
Are you diabetic?
No, no.
You got a cold, and now you have a little...
So that's it just to stave off a feeling that you're going to get sick?
Yeah, it's like a...
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Someone just sung placebo.
No, I mean, that's the greatest addiction to have is to run off and drink water.
God, I wish.
Does it sink here that you're just filling up?
I wouldn't drink out of the LA tap water.
Oh, yeah, I mean...
Oh.
Someone said that's how you got used to it.
I always wonder about that, too.
So, okay, so Nate, any advice out there for people out there that want to drink more water?
I...
I'm a bad interviewer.
You make Arsenio Hall look like Mike Wallace.
Well, I guess...
Thank you for bravely coming up and giving us more answers.
Nate, if at any moment, Nate, you have to get up and run out and go pee, we're not going to make a deal out of it.
Wait, what did you just say, Nate? Did you ask a question?
Oh, can we just talk about, like, the mother water?
Oh, something other than water?
Well, we have another guest here to do that.
So far, all you are is...
So far, all you are is the water guy.
What's on your mind, Nate?
You can't just drink so much water that we get your opinions about Obama.
That's not fair.
That's what Donald Trump tries to do.
Build a bunch of buildings and then I'll have opinions.
Wait, that was 50 cents.
The emperor has no clothes?
He's so thirsty.
God, I really think you go to the doctor and just say,
Dan Harmon said to ask, am I diabetic?
Are you diagnosing him as diabetic?
No, I'm telling his doctor to.
Are diabetics notoriously thirsty?
Yes, that's one of the big symptoms.
If you're not diagnosed yet, that's the first thing that happens.
It's like, fuck, I'm so thirsty.
And then you go in and they're like, yeah, motherfucker.
Goodbye, ice cream.
Who else besides me right now is getting thirsty just having this conversation?
Everybody wants a drink.
Pass your bottle around.
Nate, what's on your mind real quick?
Is there anything pressing on your mind?
What would you talk to us about if you...
If you got the conch for a while, what would you lay down on us?
Okay, I don't know.
This is kind of like a question my friend had.
Like, so he said like...
This is a good start.
It's a good start.
Your friend said...
He said like, he was reading the mythology guy, the...
Joseph Campbell.
Yes, yes.
And he said like, a lot of religions say that you're guilty, right?
But that feels better than a feeling of like,
you have no say in what happens in the universe.
So like, what do you think is tougher as a feeling?
Well, I mean, I think that...
I think that what you named it already,
what's tougher is the idea that you don't have a choice in anything.
I mean, we can't handle that.
We don't perceive the world that way.
We make choices in real time.
We think of them as choices.
That's really the introduction of philosophy that suggests the idea,
the technical concept that we technically don't choose anything.
And the irony is that probably that's true.
I mean, it almost obviously is because there's what the hell is choice?
I mean, that debate will drive you crazy because if you...
If all of the circumstances are the same,
then that would be like saying that I flip a coin somewhere in my brain,
like on some primal level, and that would be something that we didn't want
because we want to think of ourselves as being creatures of some substance
and not just a bunch of dice.
So we believe in choice.
We experience life as choice.
I think choice is something we made up.
We also made up the idea of any kind of organization to everything
because what is it?
We're living in a very, very slowed down giant explosion.
James had three sips of water during that.
I'm making him very nervous.
Is it a nervous response?
It's got to be something that has to be related to a nervous response there.
You're not that thirsty.
Is it possible?
I'm really not that thirsty.
Is that like Lannis' blanket for you?
Yeah, it's like a tick almost.
I got that.
We all have our own ticks.
That's a very healthy one to have, by the way.
Yeah.
Mine is PCP.
I strangle a prostitute.
I have to touch the light switch three times before I leave the house
and then I'm like...
You're just like the others.
Okay, now I can edit.
Nate, everybody, thank you, Nate.
Thank you, Nate.
Always a...
Harmontown's thirstiest fan.
I always appreciate it when people come up here
and they subject themselves to the scrutiny of the spotlight.
We were just worried because you darted out here like something...
Oh, I was trying to make it like not awkward, you know?
Mission Unaccomplished.
From now on, Nate, just walk at any pace you like.
You can sprint out, you can jog out, you can walk out, you can crawl out.
We're not going to make a deal out of it.
I mean, look at Anatoli next to you.
This fucking guy...
Don't move.
I'm taking a picture of this.
This is like the height of balls.
Is that Garcia Lorca on your shirt?
Who is that?
No, it's Anton Chekhov.
Anton Chekhov?
All right.
He had the greatest death of all time.
How do you die?
As far as I know, do you know the circumstances of his death, Anatoli?
No.
As far as I read that he was quite an old man,
like I think it's in his 80 or so,
and he was on his, like, on his, you know, plantation or whatever,
like his estate, and he and his old wife,
he'd been with forever.
They had a family over and he would walk out in the garden
and he would just improvise stories for his grandchildren.
And they would go like,
Grandpa, the light, the lamp post,
and he would just improvise a story for them.
So all the family goes away.
He comes back in.
The family goes home.
It's just he and his old wife.
And she says,
let's have champagne and some strawberries or something.
And he goes,
I haven't had champagne in a very long time.
I think I'll rest.
And so she goes off to get the champagne.
When she comes back,
he's laying on the couch dead with a smile on his face.
And she sits down next to him
and drinks the champagne and has the strawberries
and just like, she's like, fuck it.
That's a great death.
And then in his funeral,
I guess all these Russians turned out to go to his funeral.
And I might have this wrong.
Somebody please fact check this.
I think it's Chekhov's death,
where they all go,
Coffin's on a train car
and they all march behind the train car
in the cold rain or whatever.
And it's a bunch of fancy pants society people
that all want to go more in Chekhov's death.
They realize also it smells like crap
because they're following the wrong train
and it's got oysters on it.
And it says it's rotting fish.
And they'd followed for miles the wrong train
and they had to go all the way back
the other direction to follow the right train back.
And his friends of Chekhov said,
it's like he wrote his own funeral
because that's exactly what he would have written.
But falling asleep while your wife is off to get champagne
and her coming back and you have a smile on your face
and she finishes the champagne is groovy.
I like that.
You know, you hold your breath though
because you go like, well, okay,
so I would come back and I would be like,
ah, no, no.
And in between like shaking the corpse,
I'd be like, why couldn't you have done it
after calling me a cunt?
Why is that better?
Because what the fuck I was looking forward to
having champagne like the one afternoon.
They were in their 80s.
They're old people.
It's going to happen.
Stensibly they've done it before.
No, I know I'm the bad guy,
but I'm saying like that's why I'm afraid.
That's what that's fear of death
is the thing that makes you go, no.
Like, I want the good things.
If you're in your 80s and let's say
you're 90 and Erin would be what, 80?
How about you?
She should be like 23.
She's 23, right.
Every guy, she's a fetus right now.
And you're in your like old people
and if you peacefully passed away at 90 years old
and she came in with a bottle of Kettle One
and sat down next to you
and you had a smile on your face,
it's a pleasant way to go.
I'm going to cry thinking about that.
That's so fucked up.
You're 90 years old in the story.
But it's just, that would have been
the first afternoon that I stopped working
and I would be like, oh, let's have some Kettle One.
Like, maybe once it gets boring,
like a good death would be like,
okay, let's go to Costco.
And she's like, I'll go get the card
and then she comes back and I'm dead.
And she'd be like, she'd look at my corpse
and look at the card and be like,
I can go to Albertsons
because no bulk.
And it's like, yeah, he nailed his death.
We don't have to go to Costco.
Greg Proops his joke.
There was a big fear when they found out
that Jimi Hendrix had lied about being gay
to get out of the Vietnam War and Greg said,
I lied about being gay last Wednesday
to get out of going to Home Depot.
All right, wait, can we, he graciously like,
I told him to come because there's never been
a more overwhelming demand for somebody to come back,
specifically for his performance in Shadow Run.
Curtis Armstrong came back.
Oh, shit!
How special.
Thank you.
Hi!
Gosh, I've never been asked back anywhere.
Usually they're so relieved.
After the show last time, we were like,
you'd split and we were back in the green room
and Dan's like, I really want him to come back.
I'm like, ask him.
I don't know.
That seems like forward.
I'm like, it's better to ask and him say no.
Like, let's just ask.
Well, like I'm gonna say no.
But I mean, you said last week,
you said, you know, you have to come back.
Everybody always says you have to come back
and then you never hear from them again.
Oh, is that what's going on
on the other side of those conversations?
Yeah, because I always go,
you have to come back and then they go, yeah.
No, no, no.
What was happening in this case was,
you said to me, we have to have you back.
And I said, great, that would be great.
And then I walked out thinking,
well, he'll never come back.
Oh, this is great.
Wow, what a great new family member.
I actually get asked back.
No one ever does that.
Now you have to come back every week for sure.
Which you'll do until the season of King of the Nerds.
It gets picked up.
And then I don't have to.
Yeah.
And then you'll be like, fuck you nerds.
Fly away in your biplane.
That's how I picture rich people.
Yeah.
You're just flying in a biplane.
Seeing that.
Let's also just, let's bring out a title wave of friends.
Let's bring out Spencer.
Spencer.
Spencer Crittenden.
Spencer, get your cheeks out here.
He may have.
Okay.
Spencer's getting high in the back or something.
He was back there somewhere.
He probably, but when we brought you up,
he's probably, I probably have about 10 minutes
to do what needs to be done.
And he grabbed his rubber hose and his needle.
If I know Spencer, what time is it?
9.03.
If I know Spencer, he's giving cut rate hands jobs
out in the parking lot.
I do it because I like to do it.
That's the thing.
That's the thing about hands jobs.
I like giving them.
But you never, you never, no one ever tells you.
Yeah.
Well, you should, you should, you should just give them.
That's Spencer impression.
Like ran out some rocks.
Wow.
You're really a bad impressionist.
I don't know. I mean, it's just learning new things
about your, about your coworkers.
Do you have, do you have any impression?
I will not make you do them, but do you,
do you, are you a person that has impressions in you
or do you not have any?
Oh, no, no, no, I don't really,
I don't really have impressions.
I'm not very good at it.
I, as a child.
Do you hear Dan?
Hey!
There he is.
We're out in the parking lot.
He's giving HJs.
Looks like you're, are you bringing those to flaunt?
You've got water in every pocket.
Oh, yeah.
Two, you know, there's more than one guy
that drinks an abnormal amount of water, Dan.
Yeah.
No, I just, I'm sorry I came on and I cut you off.
That was very rude of me.
It's all right.
I actually had started a water backstage,
but I left it there because I was self-conscious after.
Jesus, I don't want to be the anti-water guy.
I figured, I, you know, you'd, you know, start in on me.
I still, I still think...
Curtis.
I still think that guy is being dodgy.
He's cool, man.
I'm cool.
He got up twice.
This is what I don't understand.
How thirsty can you be?
Within 45 seconds of my memory, I was very close together.
So one time was to pee and one time was to get water,
but he's, water is part of his life.
I don't know, I think the guy is like shady and dishonest
and a terrible person.
I don't think so.
He's cooking for Jesus.
Obviously, I'm kidding.
I just, you know, we're concerned about our fans when they go running like that.
So, so, all right, so where did we leave off?
Moonlighting.
My wife is not coming this week.
She's not coming this week.
So she doesn't get to ask me those really awkward questions
that I had to follow up each time
because I wasn't sure what she meant.
Yeah.
She, she is sick.
I don't know how much more I'm supposed to say.
I'm sorry.
She's pooping a lot.
She's puking.
Sounds like diabetes.
She thought it was food poisoning.
By the way, my lovely wife,
I just listened to their first episode of their new podcast
that she's doing with Wayne Fetterman called Human Conversation.
It's a, it's 55 minutes of your life.
It's not that big a deal.
Give it a listen.
It's like a...
Rage Dan Harmon from the Chicago Tribune.
It's a, it's a pleasant chat.
I mean, I honestly, I've only listened to one episode.
There's something kind of addictive about it.
It's like, it sort of harkens back to a kind of like,
I don't know, morning or afternoon.
Like kind of, it's just a man and a woman.
They're just chatting and it's kind of, it's, it's, it's funny to me.
But then again, I'm a big fan of my wife.
I don't know.
But this Wayne Fetterman fellow seems very, very funny too.
He's kind of, he's kind of like...
He's coaching her basketball team, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he sort of, he sort of has a kind of like,
old man sensibility that kind of like,
I don't know, like liberates you to look at the world
randomly or afresh.
Like he doesn't use profanity.
He, I don't know, it's funny.
When I think about how he must see me.
Like, why is he, so why does he have to be angry?
Anyways, Curtis.
Yeah.
I know. Where do you start, right?
I mean, I feel like, you know, you were sort of on a roll
and then I came out.
No, no, no, I wasn't.
Curtis, Curtis, you're sitting only three feet away
from one of the greatest, most gifted interviewers of all time.
I know.
Oh, yeah.
I know. I've been here before.
Be prepared to answer some very trenchant,
very salient questions.
Okay, fire away, man.
When did you lose your virginity?
And how and why?
In any order.
Okay.
I lost my virginity at the age of 21 or two.
Chill?
She's here?
Unbelievable.
Was it Jill?
It's Jill. She's here.
I lost my virginity at the age of 21 or 22
in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Whoa, sounds like you're making that up.
I'm not.
So you had a gal in Kalamazoo.
Zoo, zoo, zoo, zoo.
And she took pity on me where none had before.
And she deprived me of my virginity.
But only once.
Is this still the same Curtis that was playing a tableau violin?
No, this is a slightly later Curtis, just by a couple of years.
What was your bag at age 21, 22?
I did English accents because I thought it might make me more attractive.
So I would learn to do English accents.
And in fact, I remember Jill telling me that the reason she actually slept with me
was because of my English accent.
So it worked.
How did she encounter it?
Well, because I would do it.
But I mean like, well, so you were working the front window and you're like,
would you like whole fries with that governor?
No, no, no.
It was a more, it wasn't like a governor one.
It was more of a...
Could you do it by region?
You say accents, like could you do region?
Yeah, I would do, well, I mean, I would do my idea of regions.
But it would really would be like a bad cockney.
And then there would be, it would be Nigel Bruce.
It would be a cockney or, you know, extraordinary homes.
That sort of thing.
That's a very good Nigel Bruce, by the way.
You can do impressions. That's very good.
That was one, yeah. I did do that one.
I used to do them when I was a child.
I think Nigel Bruce is too blustery as a...
I agree with you. He is as Watson, yes.
He's too blustery, but I loved him.
Yeah, he's great.
He's not Watson, but I loved him.
And I found I could do him.
Now, doing Nigel Bruce doesn't get you laid.
You would have to do it.
Unless you're doing Nigel Bruce.
Unless you're...
Who only has sex with straight men?
It's a callback.
My favorite part of that fad of a joke
was watching the lights in the camera
trying to find where the comedy was.
The director was like,
something funny has to be going on right now.
Hold it.
Do I take it that this young lady
and you were part of the same theatrical community?
Yes, we were, in school, you know, in college.
And I had done a part in a play that somebody had written,
and I did it with an English accent,
not because it was required,
because I thought it would be a good chance
to show off my English accent, and it worked.
All right, well, we're getting to know you,
and I'm trying to play it cool, but it's 9-11.
And we're trying to establish a tradition here at 9-11.
What was it about?
Oh, my God!
What do we do? We make a...
Oh, it was the 9-11 thing from last week.
Did we just sing the 9-11 song?
Hit it!
No, that's probably going to be offensive.
That's going to end up offensive.
Oh, not if it's sultry, though.
Why'd you have to bring those towers down?
Why'd you have to bring my country up frown?
We're just trying to be free.
Why you gotta attack me?
Let your terrorist body down to the brink of dawn.
Yo, Elkada, why you gotta be like that?
Ain't no fighting.
Ain't it gotta be a spat?
Yo, Elkada, in Afghanistan,
ain't trying to do it in Iraq and Iran.
You gotta...
I'm just trying to be cool in New York.
I gotta look up to the sky and see fallin' pork.
What I thought, but I found out it was...
It's fucked up.
I'm gonna cry.
I'm traumatized.
I saw a guy who told me it was P to the TSD.
I thought, shouldn't get that in the city, you see?
I'm just a deli worker and a rapper on the side
trying to lay it low and open up wide
and live my life and pay my revenues.
Fuck you, Elkada.
Why you choose to attack us?
Cause you're gonna pay no freedom.
Why you hate away your life?
You gotta attack or no?
Two towers and two states of mind.
When you look beyond it, you'll find that
everybody just wants to get down,
got a tower on the left and now it's down.
Why the fuck you do that?
Now, everybody's changed and language is changing
like a...
Oh, shit, I can't rap anymore.
I'm all broken up because of 9-Eleven.
Okay.
Jesus.
Wow.
The final casualty of 9-Eleven is your ability to rap.
I blamed it on 9-Eleven.
Do you want to drink, Curtis?
I might have one in a minute.
I'm okay right now, I'll take that.
Otherwise I'm digging in your ice.
That's all right.
Here, reminder that I've been digging the ice all night.
Okay.
So Jill, where did it all go?
Jill?
Where did it go down with Jill?
Where did it happen?
In my room.
You have an apartment, a dorm?
A dorm, yeah.
It was just once.
Never again, one time?
No, that was it.
I mean, since then, yes.
But with Jill, it was just the one time.
Enjoyable?
Was it a good time?
It was very quick.
It was very quick, but yeah.
I mean, she only needed the one.
Yes, it worked perfectly.
Yeah, once it's done, and it's done,
and you move on with your life.
And she did, and I never found anyone
who was as attracted to the English accent after that.
That was like a one time thing that worked.
Did you try the English accent?
Yeah, I still do.
Really?
Yeah.
Once I was at a bar, I had a roommate who was Irish,
and we were at a bar pretending to do Scottish accents,
and there was nobody at this bar.
He was Irish, but he was pretending to do Scottish accents?
He was from Dublin, and we were hanging out at the three of clubs,
and there was nobody in the bar but us in the bartenders,
and they were far down the other side of the room.
And so, for some reason, he was talking about a friend of his,
and he was doing a Scottish accent to tell the story,
and so I started doing it too.
And then these girls came up next to us in order to drink,
and they're like, oh, where are you guys from?
And he's like, oh, it's from Aberdeen,
and he could really do it, and I could kind of do it,
and so he was nailing it, and they're like,
oh, my God, this accent is so great.
And then all their friends showed up, and there were more girls.
Now, the bartenders had known, they knew me,
and they knew that we weren't Scottish earlier in that evening.
Now we're doing it because now we just don't want it.
Now it's just embarrassing to stop doing it,
and we thought any moment these girls would get their drinks,
go leave, sit down somewhere and leave us,
that'll be that, and just more people came around,
and it's like, are you from...
I've been to Aberdeen, and he...
Oh, now you're in trouble.
But he's like, how far is Aberdeen from Leith?
Oh, it's about 45 minutes to go up there,
and he knew all the fucking shit,
and so there was one girl there, her name was Mouse,
and I had never met this girl in my life.
Is she a DJ?
She actually was a DJ.
All right, well...
Well spotted.
But I had not met this girl in my life,
and so...
Was either that or her parents raised her in a basement.
Probably both.
So I kept seeing her every two weeks for the rest of time,
for the rest of eternity, I kept running into her,
and we had talked for a good 45 minutes
in this me doing this bullshit Scottish accent.
So every time I'd see her,
she'd walk into another bar on a different side of town,
and I would turn to whoever was next to her,
and go, okay, I'm Scottish.
She's like, oh, everybody!
Melinda, Carissa, this is Jeff,
he's from Aberdeen from Scotland,
and he's got the best accent.
How'd you do? Good to see you again.
And I would do that, and I was so tiring.
So one day, after about a year and a half of this...
Look, I honestly saw her a dozen times,
and I kept doing it, and I felt so bad about it,
and I didn't want to...
I wasn't getting anything out of this.
She just kept... She loved that I had...
I was from Scotland, and I was not.
So I had enough of it, and so I went up to her,
and she goes, hey, Jeff, how you doing?
This is my friend Melinda, and so on and so forth.
I'm like, hey, what's going on?
And she couldn't...
Gives me a weird look, and I said,
how you doing? I'm doing great, how you doing?
And she's like, where's your accent?
You know, I'm an actor, and they tell you,
like as an actor, you just practice speaking
in an American accent as often as possible.
Just to get good at it.
And she goes, and she's still looking at me like...
She goes, okay, do it. Do your American accent.
I'm like, what do you want me to say?
And she goes, I'd like a cheeseburger and fries.
I go, I'd like a cheeseburger and fries.
And she goes, it's okay.
It's okay.
I was so...
Like right up to the five inches before the finish line,
that story was going to be called,
You're an asshole.
Oh no, that's certainly the title of that story.
Because on any given day,
like in any bar in LA, there's some fuckface
who's like lying to people for social profit.
It never got me laid, it never earned me a penny.
I profited none off of doing that.
It was just, I felt it was weirder to just say,
oh, I was bullshitting you the whole time.
I thought I'd never see you again.
And then it turns out we went to the same free places all the time.
It was such a weird culture shock.
Like I could barely remember being back in Wisconsin
where this never happened.
I remember moving from Wisconsin to LA.
I remember going out and trying to just hang out
because that's what I did in Milwaukee.
Like you just went out and just drank and made friends.
And I remember small talking, some guy at some bar
because my friends dragged me too.
And I was like, so what do you do?
And he's like, I silk screened t-shirts.
And I was like, oh, that's interesting.
I don't know anything about silk screening t-shirts.
How does that work?
And he's like, well, you take a thing and you do this
and he's describing the whole process.
And I go, so then do you mass produce them
and do you sell them through like a PO box or whatever?
And he goes, I'm just fucking with you, man.
And I'm like, that's hilarious.
I'm going to go home and write a hit TV show.
Hit in quotes, hit in quotes.
No, I just, it was like, it was a really big,
like I prefer LA culture to Milwaukee culture.
I think there's a heavy share of dishonesty
in institutionalized alcoholism as well.
We weren't good people just because,
but we didn't have a reason to fuck with people.
That wasn't recreation.
It was for assholes.
You called those people assholes.
If you caught somebody saying something
to someone that wasn't true,
that person was just an asshole.
And in LA, it's like,
but do you see the coolest guy in the world?
There's just more people
and we all came from all these different cities.
Did I tell you the story about the guy that lied to me
and I caught him in a lie at the drawing room?
I don't know his name, so it's not inflammatory.
I sat next to a guy and he was daytime drinking
at the drawing room, our little dive bar,
and it's like a little cheers-y kind of place
where everyone knows everybody.
Minus the cheers.
More sadness and more drug addicts.
Less of a clarinet and more of like a 60-cycle hum
that you hear when you leave the inch jack
like laying in some water.
And a slight smell of methane and poop in the air.
It's a great place.
So this guy was sitting at the end of the bar
and something came up and so we're talking across the bar
about the song that's in the jig box or whatever.
So we're having a conversation.
So I just scoot down so we're not yelling.
So I sit near him and we're having a conversation.
What do you do?
He's like, I'm a writer.
I'm a filmmaker.
I live up in the Los Feliz Hills here
and I got a great house, married.
It's just like life is fantastic.
I'm doing what I want.
I'm making these movies.
No one watches them.
They're kind of for nothing.
And I'm usually broke.
I'm mortgaging the house all the time.
But I'm doing what I love.
I'm like, that's fantastic.
And he never once asked me what I did,
which is a very common thing,
having a conversation with people in Los Angeles
or strangers.
He just kind of went in his monologue
about how awesome things were.
And so I just kept asking him questions.
Like, where'd you grow up?
I grew up here in LA.
What did you do before filmmaking?
I'm kind of a failed actor.
I was an actor.
I did theater as a kid.
Oh, me too.
And he goes, yeah, I was on Broadway as a kid.
So was I.
And I said, what show did you do on Broadway?
And he goes, OK, now he's blind because you don't remember.
You forget the show you were on in Broadway.
It was the thing with the guy.
You remember the fucking show that you did on Broadway.
So he's fishing for it.
And he goes, it's the one with the chits on the feathers.
Now, what he doesn't know is he's now walking towards saying
that he was on.
And also, I found out he's my age.
He's a year older than I am.
He says that he's in.
He goes, it's the one with the bald guy, your Brenner.
That guy with the King and I.
No.
Now, Curtis, I was on Broadway in 1985 in the King and I.
So he's I go.
And at that point I go, oh, how old are you?
Because it might have been a different production of it.
He goes, I'm 41 or whatever he was.
I was a couple of years older than me at the time.
I'm like, OK.
So how old were you?
Have been at the time?
He's like, so I guess that would have been.
I would have been about 11, 12 years old.
And no.
So then your Brenner was dead at that point.
Because I was the last guy to play.
I said, what role did you play?
And he goes, I played the kid.
I go, Louie?
Yeah, I played Louie.
Because there's only one white kid and the King and I.
The other kids are all the Siamese kids of the King.
Right.
And the Prince.
And so I'm like, that's such a crazy thing to say.
Also, I thought he was lying when he didn't know the name of it.
So I'm sitting there.
And we talked for, I would say, a solid 45 minutes an hour
about his life and about everything.
And I learned all this stuff.
And now I'm just kind of reeling.
Everything he said has been bullshit.
So I said, so that would have been in 1985?
Did you, are you sure it wasn't like a few years before?
Because, and maybe furious, like, and he goes, he goes,
no, no, no, I did it with your Brenner.
I played Louie in the King and I in 1985.
And I was like, I said, so did I.
And he, his hair fucking went white.
And he goes, oh, I said, I was trying to take him off the hook.
I said, look, when I was doing it, and also, by the way,
I never missed a performance.
So like, there's not even a chance that he was an understudy.
I wondered, maybe he was one of my understudies,
because there were seven of them.
I was like, oh, fuck, maybe he was one of those kids
that I don't remember from back then.
And I said, well, I did it too.
And I said, maybe did you just audition for it?
Because you were constantly auditioning for it.
And he just picked up his shit and walked out.
Oh!
That's one of the, and I turned to the bar and said,
what the fuck was that?
I said, he told the only lie I could catch him in.
He named, if he said he played the black kid in the whiz,
I couldn't have busted him on that.
And if he said he was rum-tum-tugger,
I couldn't have fucking got him.
But he said the role and the day and the thing,
he couldn't name the theater.
He was just full of shit.
And a lot of those people congregate in bars and do that.
So I turned to the bar and said, did you fucking hit him?
And she goes, oh yeah, by the way, his wife hates his guts.
He doesn't live at home.
Everything he said was absolute malarkey.
And so, pursuantly, since I've seen him,
I once in a while, he's come back in,
and he'll see me, and he'll walk him right back out.
Where are we talking about that?
There's an actual...
Nate, everybody!
They want to get hydrated.
Let's use the...
I wasn't going to say anything.
Let's use the transition to bring Jamorge out here.
Jamorge Brown, everybody!
Curtis hasn't met Jamorge.
Right, okay.
Oh!
Yeah, music choice seems racist.
It was your 9-11 song, wasn't it?
No, I'm kidding.
Can we edit together all the missed handshakes
and high fives that I did over here?
Did I miss one?
No, no, every time people come up,
I get one of these and they just go right on by.
But we were just...
That happened last week.
It did.
It happens, Curtis.
People just...
We did this earlier.
You hugged me.
I didn't just do this.
I hugged you.
I hugged you after giving you a break.
When everyone else walks by,
you're not even there.
You know why?
Why?
Because you're a tender soul.
Yeah, well...
Jamorge lies with his eyes.
And his body.
Dear Jimmy.
I love the idea of Jamorge as a bad person.
That is a funny idea.
Like a little fucking evil
man.
He seems impenetrable.
not stop at just images of DeMorge doing something really fucked up and cruel to
somebody. It just seems ironic. I saw DeMorge at the grocery store and he was just like,
kick to this kid. I did it. But with that liar guy, like there's just a like, God damn it,
I swear I was just talking about this with somebody probably on this podcast, but there
was also like, this is a thing with alcoholism too. There's a sort of disorder where you
start to become a pathological liar and we band you that phrase around pathological liar
and we tend to mean somebody who lies a lot. But it's like, there are people who truly
cannot control. And not just can't tell the truth, won't tell the truth. They won't and
they can't and they lie and they lie and they lie. And I think there's some there's some
link with alcohol there where like, if your brain starts to fucking like, if you're like
committed to sitting there drinking, that's why you find like, at those troughs, they're
like, there's just these guys with a million stories and they, they kind of it starts to,
there's some, there's some syndrome where you start to create your own memories and
you stack them up and then like you're drawing on those and you don't know it's not the truth,
except that guy, I would be willing to bet in that moment when you said the reason his
hair turned white is because he realized in that moment he was lying, not so much because
he got caught because he realized because he was like, yeah, oh shit, there's no way
I'm telling the truth right now.
I see, I can't, I don't know. I think that he knew he was bullshitting me from front
to back. He wasn't drunk. He didn't, he didn't strike me as a career drinker.
We always think about lies as being like this thing that you use like a crowbar because
we, we, we have a conscience and we, we tend not to lie to each other because we feel guilt
about it. And so when we look at like sociopathic tendencies as being like, like, oh, that person's
cheating and they're using like a thing, a tool to open a thing and they can get more
shit done than we can.
But there's a dark side to it where they can't control it. They cannot. They can't just be
normal. They can't feel and they, they can't be, they can't be beholden to this wonderful
thing we all share, which is this river we'd go down, which is like, there's fucking truth.
Get on it, motherfucker.
Well, you know, there's, there's something else which occurred to me was he may have
been lying to you. He may also have been lying to the, to the bartender because if she was
really good looking, he would of course tell her that his wife doesn't love him and he
doesn't live at home.
Yeah, that I don't know.
That whole thing.
I think she, I think she, she had said that like, it wasn't that he had unburdened that
on her is that he, she happens to either know the woman or she knows somebody else that
knows the score there. So like, like it was like kind of, I think semi verifiable that
that wasn't the case.
Yeah.
But that's, that's very likely. I think that he was just, I think he was creating a fantasy
world that, and in that world, everything not only is great, but also has always been
great and always has been different.
Oh yeah.
And that has to be easy to do in that world because if you're a person who's planted at
a bar on a regular basis, to the left and to the right of you, you have people who kind
of flit in and flit out.
Yeah.
And they're all looking through.
And you can tell pieces of that story. You can lay the game with all, you know, with
all those, with all those just people.
That's why you go to a bar. That's why you don't just sit at home and drink. Like you,
you go to a bar, the idea is this chorus line of linear connectivity that you can choose.
You can stare forward and drink or you can bother to connect with one person and control
it. And if that person says, I'm a trumpet player, and he's like, you start to feel like
you're getting your life done. Like you're a cooler person than sober people. Like, there's
a camera behind the bar pointing at me. I'm getting to know the trumpet player. I'm expanding
my horizons.
But then there's, of course, like any biosphere, there's this fungus growing on that, which
is like people who are just like, yeah, I'm a trumpet player. They're not. They're just
more alcohol than man. Weird. What if I became one of them? What if I was just like, what
if I lost my whole life to that? What if I was just sitting there going like, all right,
NBC, and then I'm a spider? You're a spider? Yeah, I'm a spider. I work for NBC and I'm
a spider.
Tell me more. I gotta eat legs. And then the next time there's this person, you talk to
you like you got the whole spiel about the eight legs going on. And do you think it's
the truth?
Let's not do that. Let's just drink it home like we should. Okay. We should start playing
Shadowrun and we got no Aaron, so we should. Oh, yeah? Somebody has nominated himself to
play Mercy.
Sounds like Adam Goldberg. Think about that. But don't you get him? What's your name?
Jen?
Jen? I'll leave it to the audience. Adam Goldberg or just Jen that we just met? Jen to the
stage, everybody. Jen. No offense, Adam. But democracy being what it is.
Hello, Jen. Hey, Jen, how are you? Jen, anything? How's the show been going? Is this your first
time at the show?
No, I've been going, I think, for the past six weeks, I think. I just moved here in the
fall from Arizona. So I came here with my sisters first. So they're big fans, so shout
it to them. They hate me now.
Are your sisters in the back?
No, they're actually in the UK.
Oh, okay. They're really in the back. Yeah. In the back of the Atlantic. So, God, now
I have like eight questions for you, though.
You came here from Arizona to do what?
I'm at LMU, where Jamal goes, throwback.
Jamal, our post-racial astronaut.
Yes, I know Jamal.
Loyola Marymount.
Yes. I'm studying film and TV production.
Okay. What's the big dream? If you had your super-duper pie-in-the-sky gig, what would
that be?
Right now, I really like cinematography. So, cinematographer, maybe, editor, something
like that.
Great.
You never know. I'm young, so...
Film, digital?
Yeah.
It wasn't a guess or no.
Okay, so, Kurt, you're taking this one. This is your guy again. And then the rest of you,
God damn it, I forgot our name already.
Jen.
You are obviously taking Erin McGathy's folder, and Jeff is...
Are you familiar with Mercy, her character?
Yes, I am.
Good for you.
I hope I do justice.
That's for you and Erin, part company.
Can I ask very quickly, though, about your sisters being in the UK?
Yeah, they go to school there. So, my older sister, Amanda, goes to school in London.
Which school?
And then, my other sister, University College London.
University of College London?
Yes, where it's like, there's no space, like there's no other words, University of College
London.
Gotcha.
Right.
She's a liar.
Can you do an English accent?
Oh, no.
No.
No way.
And then my other sister, who's actually my twin, she goes to school in University
of Edinburgh.
Oh, really?
Yes.
And I know how you guys like that city.
Can you do a Scottish accent?
No.
I can't do it.
So, I have a girlfriend who taught me, there is a mnemonic device, like a children's rhyme,
that takes you through the whole lineage of every monarch of England, from the get-go
to the now-go.
I've heard it, but I don't know.
It's like, there's a Charlie and a Nicky and no get it boogie, but it's cute.
Who could forget King Nicky?
Well, they do.
They truncate him.
It's like, Addy and Chuck and Pookie and Tuck, and kind of like Pookie, and they're like,
well, that's Peter.
And they're like, okay.
It's kind of amazing, though.
It's just a weird thing to be part of it.
Can you imagine being part of a country that's older than 200 years?
Just weird that you could go back until almost year zero with the people that are part of
it.
Who cares?
Shut up.
Can I also add one thing?
I actually, I'm channeling Aaron right now.
I brought cookies.
I just came back.
I got back, like, two hours ago.
I came back down from Mammoth.
I was there this weekend.
And I had the people drop me off here, so I could come.
What kind of cookies are they?
Let's get them up here.
We have mixed results with Edibles here.
Who is the guy that brought those Christ-Christy ones?
Really?
So the person that brought those Christ-Christy treats, like, my dog ate a tin of them and
had to go to the emergency rich dog drug addict hospital.
Because he was high as fuck.
To recover from my dog, my dog who probably did not learn his lesson, because he eats
cakes off of the middle of the table, ate a tin of pot-raised Christ-Christy treats.
I had one of those, and I was fucking ripped.
I was really, really bad.
I had, like, a quarter of a pan of those, and I was just not feeling it.
For real?
Yeah.
Literally not feeling?
I weigh more than Harvey, though, so.
Yeah, but, like, you're also a pro.
I'm a lightweight on the marijuana.
Can I correct you on that?
He mostly gets high for charity.
Yeah.
It's really a burden.
He's not a pro.
I apologize, there's no pot in these cookies.
I bought them, so.
That's why I'm refraining.
That's good.
I'll give them to my dog.
Yeah, anyone can have them.
I think people were scared that I was trying to poison them, or they just don't like cookies,
which is the worst option.
It's always possible.
Everybody's worried these days.
Everybody's going to poison everybody.
All right.
You know what I say?
Let them poison each other.
As long as it's not me.
See, that would have been funny if Nate ran out right then, because we would have thought
he's a reporter.
Dan Harmon, soft on poisoning.
All right, Spencer, do you want to?
You know the reason why in Milwaukee we can't go trick-or-treating at night is because
of this urban legend about the idea that people put, like, victimized children during trick-or-treat.
And it never happened.
Like, the only instances, this is, like, a really impressive thing about our species and
our country.
Like, 250 million, 300 million people going for 50 years, like, all this shit about, like,
oh, there was razor blade in your apple.
There's a poison in your thing.
Trick-or-treat has been going on every year.
Kids don't get hurt.
The only instances, I think, the only documented instances of kids getting poisoned or hurt
by, like, tainted or maligned edibles during trick-or-treat.
I believe 100% of the cases are a shitty relative of their own home trying to pin fucking child
murder on society, because they hate their children and they poison, like, milk duds and
kill their fucking kid.
And everybody's like, is this a theory of yours?
No, it's not.
There's, like, only one or two recorded instances when this actually occurred, and it's the
parents did it to their own kids.
I don't think there was any deaths, though.
It was exaggerated, but the kids ended up living and stuff.
Well, I'm thinking, like, often, like, I don't know, it's like, constantly, you see shit,
and then you go, like, ah, man, we're such a fucked-up species.
We're so fucked up.
But then, like, you always carry all this shit in your head with, like, oh, a holiday
where kids dress up as Pokemons and ask for candy?
Man, how are you going to keep people from coming in those?
How do you know they're not going to come all over the candy and put acid in it and then
stab them in the eye with a needle and it's like, they're fucked up places where your
brain goes.
Remember when Duncan was on and we were, like, we were being programmed and he's at the mall
and he sees a kid and he's like, should I want to fuck that kid?
Like, because we're all like, like, ah, kids are fuckable and you should want to fuck kids
and murder them and kidnap them.
But it's like, we don't.
We don't largely do it.
And I'm not saying anybody stopped taking any precautions you've been taking, but it's
like, we don't do it.
That uplifting, like trick or treat, every year, fucking kids come to the door, open
a bag, give me some candy.
Nobody fucking does anything bad.
Don't start.
We're all right.
We're all right people.
We're fine.
We're better than giraffes.
Do you know how much cum would be on your candy if you trick or treat it in a giraffe neighborhood?
Giraffe elephants eat shit out of each other's ass as they take their trunk and they go like,
you're not, you didn't digest all the grass in that, I'm eating it.
Chimpanzees take a frog and like, fuck, they fuck the frog to death.
Everybody but us on this planet, every species but us is a piece of shit murdering horrible
homicidal sociopath.
What the crowd listening at home doesn't know is everyone else has left the building.
We're good, we're good people.
We have our moments.
I'm saying that if you knew that some giraffes lived next door to you, you wouldn't go trick or treating
at the house.
It's not.
I wouldn't.
I would not.
You think giraffes would have that much malice aforethought that they would cum all over
your snickers?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Is that what you're saying, Dan?
Yes, yes, I do.
Or they would eat me.
They would put something, they would put some, if they're sentient giraffes.
Okay.
I don't want to go near that.
Giraffes are sentient.
Giraffes are not sentient.
They're not?
Well, okay, if they are, then I'm glad that there's none here.
I would avoid a sentient animal like the plague, because if they're not forthcoming with their
sentience, if they're not going like, hey, over here, I'm sentient, I don't trust them.
And that includes these fucking dolphins.
Do you pronounce plague, plague, like baggle?
Did you just say plague, like the plague?
I think sometimes that you're part giraffe.
That's fucking, come all over you.
All right, Spencer, if you would, please catch us up and bring us up to date.
Oh, yeah.
Girl of Shadowrun.
Okay.
Uh.
Teeth.
Last run on Shadowtime.
Our heroes had not found Baldwin Brown, but were still en route to the neutral drop zone.
There they met with Mr. Johnson, who was less than pleased by not having Baldwin Brown in his clutches.
However, Dr. Friend eased him over with an agony spell on himself.
And after some strict negotiations by, uh, what's her name?
Mercy O'Donnell, things were smoothed over until the cops showed up.
It was time to bone out and Eve used a flaming gorilla illusion spell to cover their escape
while they boned out in the semi truck with the Johnson.
But without Baldwin, what would they do?
What would they get paid from?
Will they find him instead?
All right.
That's over.
You know, you don't, if you don't feel it deserves an applause, you don't need to applaud.
I'm just saying.
It's fair.
Either way.
That's how I feel.
You're in the barrens.
It's early morning.
Let's say three or four in the morning.
You're in a semi truck full of BTLs with the Johnson.
You think you've evaded the cops.
You're on an empty road winding through fields of rubble towards a building said to be hiding Baldwin Brown.
Oh, we know.
Yeah.
My eagle spotted him in that building and there's a magical, uh, mana barriers inside there.
Like, uh, magic barriers inside the building.
Mana barriers.
Yep.
All right.
I can take care of that shit.
Can you?
Huh?
Well, whatever.
Don't doubt me, Spencer.
Okay.
I believe in you.
Thank you, Mercy.
We should drive until we arrive at this place.
All right.
I like it.
Are we all in the back of a big truck?
You're, narratively, you could be positioned wherever you want.
It'll, it'll all work out.
As I was confused about that last week.
Yeah.
Well, last week you were in the front.
The semi truck, there's a, they call it the cab and then they call it the Holland box,
I think.
The bed.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm in the Holland box.
Me too.
Yeah.
Okay.
I believe horticard.
Horticard and Mercy, I think, are up front, right?
Yeah.
In the passenger seat.
You could be wherever you want to be.
Am I using, uh, my sort of, uh, my sense of where we are going to get there?
Oh yeah.
You got a map, it's in your brain.
You know everywhere you're going.
So we have a program.
We will arrive, uh, according to, uh, uh, my sequencing, uh, I would request an estimation
on how long before we arrive.
Say what?
How much time before we get there?
Oh.
Well, you're getting there right now.
Say what?
Arriving now and stopping.
Definitely.
Okay.
We're almost there.
As you get closer, you pass more and more intact buildings, run down as they are.
And also people in the early morning light congregating or standing around in the street.
Small barrel fires cast a warm flickering light across the streets.
The truck rolls up to a stop.
Um, the building is just down the block.
Unless you want to like roll up to the front of it, but you know, usually.
Yeah.
I said we, we don't park right in front of it.
So that's where you're parked.
Not right up in front of it.
Can you use your sense to find out, uh, can horticard like locate where Baldwin Brown is inside this building?
Uh, no, but I, uh, it's in my collection of mental maps.
Do I have some sort of layout of the, of the building available to me?
Not really.
You just, it just looks like a small building.
Should I astral project myself inside that building and try to get like sense where the barriers are and where, uh, where Baldwin is?
Who are you asking?
I'm the group though.
You guys okay with that?
Or you want to try another plan?
I was going to give him a, I was going to give him a, uh, a strength boost that might help him find Baldwin Brown.
Who?
In the building.
Um, what's your name?
Horticard.
I was going to give him a, a strength boost.
Do it.
Okay.
This guy's a really good doctor.
And with that his strength is boosted.
So feeling, uh, very strong now?
You're feeling three stronger.
That's, uh, kind of a bad neighborhood.
Some ways you stay with the goods.
Not the kind of people you want to valet park with.
Okay.
If you give my meaning.
If you ask for a project, uh, perhaps I could, uh, create some sort of mind melt between us and then we could stay in contact.
Okay.
While you're gone.
I asked for a project into the building and try to try to locate where Baldwin is with a mind meld.
Mind meld communication with horticard.
Okay.
That happens.
You're in astral form.
You, uh, you glide over the buildings.
You glide over two large parking structures that are broken and damaged with the ravages of time and in between them nestled in a tiny, tiny spot, almost too small for a property.
You see, you see a vintage wooden house standing bright and cheery, squeezed in the tiny lot.
You see the house is made out of real live walnut wood blanks and a wood shingled roof.
It's a real throwback to the older times.
It's yard is overgrown with plants and it's glowing.
You can see it with your astral vision.
It's glowing as you try and enter the house.
You're repulsed by a strong mana barrier force.
It's, uh, it's, it's blocking all astral travel.
All right.
Is it glowing from the mana barrier?
The barrier is glowing.
Right.
Um, and there's no way for me to get through that?
Not astral style.
Um, attacking barriers, can I take out, like, how do you attack, can I attack those with my astral, with my, um, with my war club?
You can try, but it's a tough barrier.
You can tell by looking at it.
I, I use my, uh, my combat focus weapon, my, uh, my Comanche War Club, and I try to attack the barrier.
Okay.
Hey, you all right?
You look like you're getting astrally blocked.
Can we communicate through comments when I'm astral?
No, you're just a ghost.
You could talk to horde guard though.
I would like to relay a question from you.
What is it?
Are you all right?
I don't, I'm so far so good.
There's a barrier here.
Should I try to, should I try to smack it?
Uh, I would smack, yes?
Okay, okay.
Why would you not?
I, uh, I take my Comanche War Club and harness my, uh, my club's astral attack on it.
Striking with the astral form of your club, it pings harmlessly off the barrier surface.
This is some higher level magics.
Okay, I go back to the, to the group.
For the record, he says he is all right.
Yes, I'm all right.
Okay, so guys, there's a, there's a, there's a big mana barrier.
It's magic that's beyond my capabilities.
I don't, I don't know how to get through that.
Oh, well, you know what they say.
Uh, what, what do they say?
Bigger the mana barrier, lower the, uh, the defense against conventional, uh, assault.
I assume.
Okay, can I, can I counter spell against it?
Uh, no.
Shit.
Could I give him a spell that would increase his body size?
Her.
I'm a she.
Sorry?
I'm a girl.
I'm so, I'm sorry.
It's all right.
My name is Ewe World.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know that.
You could, yeah.
You have to ask.
It's a callback.
Camera two, camera three, camera one, camera four.
Harvett Charles is brought to you by Snuggles Fabris Offender.
If you casted the increased body and make him tougher to kill and more resilient.
But it won't help him get through the barrier.
Not on its own.
No.
Okay.
Could, uh, perhaps it be, uh, what is it that you have?
You have a sort of a light whip?
Yeah.
Whip.
Nano whip in my finger.
Yeah.
Is it, is it, uh, is that sort of barrier?
Is it sort of, uh, vulnerable to, uh, to the whip?
Uh, okay.
You look that question up on the future net.
Wait, it's called the matrix in this game.
You look it up on the matrix and you find out that mana barriers are not affected by
physical manner.
Does somebody stay here and, uh, protect the gear?
Uh, I should head in there.
It seems like, uh, also, I mean, I could go in there.
I have mana spells.
I could go in there and cast like a high level, uh, mana bolt and try to knock it out that
way too.
But I am getting a little drained.
Have I rested or do I still have the drain?
No, you're still drained.
Okay.
I've got a few, I have a few bits of drain left in me.
Yeah, you're about half.
That's what the people on the streets are saying things.
So do we know the security system on the outside of the building?
No, you only have seen the wooden exterior of the house.
Oh yeah, you're a hacker, right?
Like, no.
I have a key card copier.
That's true.
And I also have an auto picker, which I would think would be locks.
Um, I go and inspect the front door or entrance to the building.
You cross through the green yard and past the yellow mailbox that has the name the
yellowman's painted on the side.
You go up to the front door that's painted blue.
The woods, I mean, the paint is shipping.
It's old as hell, but it's a classic throwback lock.
You could definitely pick it with that lock picker.
I pick it with, I pick the lock.
Alright.
Can I be following her?
No, as well, because I watched my magic friends fail to, so I, we're leaving the
Holland, Holland truck and I'm going to go into, going with the physical people.
I will follow, I will follow as well, but behind.
Rear guard for protection.
Thank you.
I'm staying, I'm staying in the car.
Alright.
I'm, I'm inside the truck, but I'm still going to be in the astral plane right now
kind of overseeing things.
I'm telling you, somebody should, somebody should stay with the truck.
It's like a joke in an 80s movie.
We're going to come back.
It's going to be on blocks.
It's a bad neighborhood.
This guy likes cookies.
They're pretty dry, but they're good.
Speaking of dry, can I have a water?
It's because of him.
Nate?
Nate, right?
Spencer has one.
Does Spencer have a water?
Yeah.
There you go.
He was in my pocket.
Alright, so the, so the little worm, but it's still what?
The mana barrier is not covering the outside of the house.
It's covering the whole house.
It is.
It's like, it's like paint.
So what, what lock is she picking the one on the house itself?
Front door.
Yup.
Okay.
So is the chipped paint mean that, that portion is down?
Nope.
I'm in a like paint in that it covered the entire thing.
I'm sorry.
That's confusing.
You pick the door and it slides open silently, which is odd for an old wooden house.
Is the barrier still there?
Well, she, no, no, you can only see it when you're in the astral plane.
No one else can see any barriers.
Okay.
It's like an astral barrier.
I would like to use my sense of detecting enemies to see if there are any enemies I can detect.
You detect two enemies inside.
But with any sort of specificity location?
No, all you could do is detect your presence.
The number is two, there are two enemies.
Thanks.
All right, well, get ready to change that number.
Meaning there are three?
What?
A rare joke from Horthegard.
No, I don't mean change it.
Don't change it randomly.
I'm going to change it by killing people.
That's a guy.
I go back to the truck, go back into the physical world, and I say, guys, there's a mana barrier.
You're not getting in there. There's a magical force field around this house.
You're not getting in there.
Well, I guess you're talking to a friend because everyone else is outside the truck.
That's right.
I'm the only one who stayed in the truck.
Not on comm links?
I can't say that.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
I report that on comm to everybody.
That happens.
Why don't you guys get to know each other?
Just suggesting as a player, like, it could be a fun scene.
Me and the doctor?
Yeah.
Hey, doc, remember what you said back there about, you know, me maybe.
You could have done better than this.
I could have done better than this.
You know, it's hard because, you know, we live in this world that just every step you take seems like a step back.
Every time you do something, it wants to, it just reinforces the fact that you're not supposed to be free and not supposed to be happy.
And like, I've never felt like I deserve happiness.
It's not true.
You're a decent girl.
You could have anything.
I just don't want your life to be like mine.
I want to find my parents.
My parents are stuck working for mega corporations and their magic is being used like prostituted.
I know, I know.
They didn't even know if I'm alive or dead, doc.
Look, I don't know if you know anything about me, but I used to be a very well respected doctor.
What happened?
Do you remember when the president was shot?
Yes.
I was the doctor who attempted to save his life.
Wow.
But I'd been drinking.
He died on the table under my hands.
It destroyed me.
I just went from bad to worse after that and then I wound up here with these people.
I'm just telling you, thank you, I'm just telling you that you could save yourself now.
Go find your parents.
Start your life all over again.
What you're telling me is that you found yourself at the bottom of the barrel just like the rest of us.
We're nobody's, we're nothing's.
I'm more of a nothing than you are.
Maybe you should take your own advice and put some of that healing power on your own soul, your own self.
Maybe you're right.
I kissed the doctor.
Okay.
We start really making that.
Stop, they're coming.
We're not coming.
But you may have forgot to turn off your comlink.
Oh shit God damn it.
Oh my God, that's embarrassing.
How much did you guys hear?
All of it.
Oh shit.
100%
Can I just say we're all shadow runners?
You know, the stuff, the themes I'm hearing, I've heard on a lot of shadow runs.
You know, we are all misfits.
I don't think there's anyone that should be saying to anybody else, you know, you more than me.
It's like, come on, this is the life we chose.
Hey, you know what guys?
Okay.
Little pow wow.
Everybody huddle up.
Well we can't, we're at the house.
Okay, I go.
Okay, comlink huddle up.
Let's just just comlink huddle up.
Everybody pretend you're in a physical huddle.
We're the bottom of the barrel.
But we have a job to do.
And everything that we do right from here on forward gets us a little bit higher, makes us a little bit better people.
I don't know who this guy, Mr. Johnson, is, or what he wants from Baldwin Brown.
Yeah, should I be on this call or not?
Oh, shit.
Wait, is he listening the whole time?
Yeah.
Baldwin Brown?
No, wait, Johnson.
Who keeps hitting send all?
It's a lot like sort of this joke that we have about the Norwegian family.
Where for example, maybe this one comes from Stavanger.
And maybe this one comes from Bergen.
And maybe this one comes from Trondheim.
I am of course from Oslo.
And this one is the angry one.
Angry at the oil is being taken from his place.
He has all the money in the world.
But it's being sent to other places in Norway.
But we're all one family.
And end of story.
So for precision sake, we're all one family.
Thanks for dumbing that down for us.
I really clarified it.
I go back into the Astral Plane and I go at it and I throw a Force V mana bolt at the barrier.
Okay.
What's your magic plus spell casting?
Seven and plus six.
I think the mana barrier is just a thing that's there.
It strikes it and absorbs into the mana barrier's surface.
The end?
I mean what?
That's it.
That's it for that mana bolt.
But not for this story.
Time for action.
Fight gun engaged.
Alright.
Eve?
Is that her name?
Yep.
Alright.
Come out to the coast.
Have a few laughs.
I've got two bogies somewhere in here.
I sweep the room.
I take him by surroundings.
What do I see?
You see the front room.
There's two large couches and all sorts of framed photos.
And light coming in from the kitchen.
Well he's in the room?
Apparently.
What's the point of that?
You can walk through a mana barrier.
Motherfucker, you don't have to.
Oh, so it just keeps out magic?
It keeps out magic.
I don't know everything about magic, you guys.
Again the people from the streets?
They know.
Street smarts.
I check my zones.
Yeah, you see light coming from the kitchen and you hear movement.
You see an old lady ruffling around in the fridge.
She doesn't seem to notice you.
It must be your intense stealth capabilities.
Or she's a robot.
Just like my parents.
I holster my weapon.
Alright.
And I use my social skills.
What do you do with them?
Hey mom.
Jesse?
Is that you?
Yeah, it's me, Jersey.
Are you home, Jesse?
Yes, I'm home.
Oh, it's been so long, my eyes.
They're not good.
I brought a girl with me.
I hope it's okay.
I know you're old fashioned, but times are changing.
Alright.
Just have fun down in the basement like you always do.
Okay, cool.
I go back in physical form again.
Okay.
You're in the truck, right?
I go back and join him, I think, right?
What's going on with you?
I don't know.
You said you brought a girl.
You meant me?
No, I meant...
Oh, Mercy.
Okay, I'm in the truck.
Alright.
Being very embarrassed about the whole Man of Barrier experience.
So you said that there were two people in the room?
Two enemies were scouted in the house.
Okay.
So I'm going to put on my spy monocle.
Alright.
What's the setup of the lower level of the house?
The kitchen leads to the basement for some reason.
I use my stealth to get by the grandma.
And I go down into the basement and I use my spy monocle to see my surroundings.
Alright.
It's really dark, but you can see two sleeping figures and a small metallic dome in the darkness.
They're sleeping in the basement.
They're not in the dome.
The dome is separate.
It's nearby.
I head down the stairs as well.
I draw my Aries predator.
You do that.
Silence or equipped?
Does anyone else do anything?
I am in the kitchen right now.
I think you're outside the house probably.
Well, then I enter the house.
The old lady's like, oh, Jesse, Scott's some friends.
Just tell her you're Jesse's friends.
I tell her I am a friend of Jesse's and I'm just outside waiting for him to grab his effects.
Okay.
Would you like a coffee?
Let me use my power to analyze truth to see if this is really coffee.
It is.
I will enjoy coffee.
You got to take the coffee or should I?
But will he really enjoy the coffee?
Find out next time on Shadow Rock.
Cliff Hanger!
All right.
Thank you so much, Jen, everybody.
Jen helping us out at Mercy.
So now you're an asshole if you don't.
And next week we're going to go in that house and kick a whole ton of ass in there, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you, everybody.
Dan Harmon, your mayor, everybody.
Thank you, Chris and Zach and Dustin back in the booth.
And we'll see you next week.
Oh, and watch King of the Nerds on Fridays on TBS.
That's right.
Finale on Friday, 9 o'clock.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Feral Audio.